#BE6980 - api key expiry (#1048)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/account/my-organization/security/api-keys/index.md

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE6601-api3.png' />

> :::tip Expiry Notification
> Appcircle will send your organization e-mail a reminder if one of your API Keys will expire within a week.
> :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Expiry Notification
Appcircle will send a reminder to the organization owners if any API key is due to expire within a week; for sub-organizations, notifications are sent to their owners, and if no owner exists, they are forwarded to the root organization’s owners.
:::

```
